README.md, before:

## Hello 👋
🗣 Korean(Native), English(C1), German(A2)

- <b>Master’s Program at the University of Hamburg</b>
    - Selected as one of 20 students from over 500 applicants
    - Currently studying Robotics and Artificial Intelligence
- <b>3 years of experience in the IT industry</b>
    - Project & Product Management
    - Business Development
    - Front-End Developer
- <b>Background in English interpretation and staff at an English language institute</b>


<p>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jisu-hong-7a9683226/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" width=70px"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://breathtaking-life.tistory.com/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Blogger-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=blogger&logoColor=white" width="80px"/>
    </a>
    <a href="mailto:mnijisu@gmail.com" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" width="70px"/>
    </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and formatting
Updated the README to enhance the presentation of educational background and work experience.

README.md, after:

## Hello 👋
🗣 Korean(Native), English(C1), German(A2)

<b>🎓 M.S. student at the University of Hamburg (Germany)</b>
- Robotics & Artificial Intelligence
(Selected: 20 / 500+)

<b>💼 3+ years in the IT industry</b>
- PM · Business Development · Front-End

<b>🎓 B.S. in Engineering in Software and Artificial Intelligence, Pukyong National University (South Korea)</b>
- GPA: Major 4.0/4.5, Overall 3.84/4.5

<b>🌐 English interpretation & business support</b>
- Business meetings, buyer assistance


<p>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jisu-hong-7a9683226/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" width=70px"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://breathtaking-life.tistory.com/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Blogger-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=blogger&logoColor=white" width="80px"/>
    </a>
    <a href="mailto:mnijisu@gmail.com" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" width="70px"/>
    </a>
</p>
